Add more text about the interation of resumable uploads with existing per-message limits. (#3198)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-resumable-upload.md

A client can use an `OPTIONS` request to discover support for resumable uploads and potential limits before creating an upload resource. To reduce the liklihood of failing requests, the limits announced in an `OPTIONS` response SHOULD NOT be less restrictive than the limits applied to an upload once the upload resource has been created, unless the request to create an upload resource included additional information that warrants different limits. For example, a server might announce a general maximum size limit of 1GB, but reduce it to 100MB when the media type indicates an image.

> Servers, including intermediaries, can (and often do) apply restrictions on the size of individual request message content. There is no standard mechanism to communicate such existing size restriction. A server that implements one can respond with a 413 Content Too Large status code; see {{Section 15.5.14 of HTTP}}. Appending to an upload resource, as a series of appends, can be used to upload data up to the `max-size` limit without encountering per-message limits. The `min-append-size` and `max-append-size` limits applies to the upload resource. Servers might apply restrictions that are smaller than the append limits, which would also result in a failed request. Clients could deal with such situations by retrying an upload append with a smaller size, as long as the new size resides between `min-append-size` and `max-append-size`. Cases where an append uses `min-append-size` fails with a 413 Content Too Large response might indicate a deployment mismatch that cannot be recovered from.

Author: ```suggestion
Servers, including intermediaries, can (and often do) apply restrictions on the size of individual request message content. There is no standard mechanism to communicate such existing size restriction. A server that implements one can respond with a 413 Content Too Large status code; see {{Section 15.5.14 of HTTP}}. Appending to an upload resource, as a series of appends, can be used to upload data up to the `max-size` limit without encountering per-message limits. The `min-append-size` and `max-append-size` limits apply to the upload resource. Servers might apply restrictions that are smaller than the append limits, which would also result in a failed request. Clients could deal with such situations by retrying an upload append using a smaller size, as long as the new size resides between `min-append-size` and `max-append-size`. Cases where an append uses `min-append-size` yet fails with a 413 Content Too Large response might indicate a deployment mismatch that cannot be recovered from.
```

> Servers, including intermediaries, can (and often do) apply restrictions on the size of individual request message content. There is no standard mechanism to communicate such existing a size restriction. A server that implements one can respond with a 413 Content Too Large status code; see {{Section 15.5.14 of HTTP}}. Appending to an upload resource, as a series of appends, can be used to upload data up to the `max-size` limit without encountering per-message limits. The `min-append-size` and `max-append-size` limits applies to the upload resource. Servers might apply restrictions that are smaller than the append limits, which would also result in a failed request. Clients could deal with such situations by retrying an upload append with a smaller size, as long as the new size resides between `min-append-size` and `max-append-size`. Cases where an append uses `min-append-size` fails wth a 413 Content Too Large response might indicate a deployment mismatch that cannot be recovered from.

Author: ```suggestion
Servers, including intermediaries, can (and often do) apply restrictions on the size of individual request message content. There is no standard mechanism to communicate such existing size restriction. A server that implements one can respond with a 413 Content Too Large status code; see {{Section 15.5.14 of HTTP}}. Appending to an upload resource, as a series of appends, can be used to upload data up to the `max-size` limit without encountering per-message limits. The `min-append-size` and `max-append-size` limits applies to the upload resource. Servers might apply restrictions that are smaller than the append limits, which would also result in a failed request. Clients could deal with such situations by retrying an upload append with a smaller size, as long as the new size resides between `min-append-size` and `max-append-size`. Cases where an append uses `min-append-size` fails with a 413 Content Too Large response might indicate a deployment mismatch that cannot be recovered from.
```
